## 2/05/18 Vanessa's Reflection
* In your own words, briefly describe your project in a paragraph:
    * Project goal is to help SCL develop their site by implementing features such as a catalogue search tool, a donation button, or a membership creation/log in ability to their site. The ability to add new items to and remove items from the catalogue should be relatively simple. We want to optimize their website to provide the best user experience and to get a wider audience attracted to their library as a resource.
* Think back to the first week of class, before your community partner meeting. What did you think your project was going to be? How has meeting with the community partner changed your understanding of the project (if it did)?
    * I wasn't really sure what this project was going to be about. I guess I thought there would be more of a focus on how information about the books of the library would be stored online. The meeting with the community partner made me understand that the project also focused on the archives, as well as other features they want on the website and website design. The community partner wanted to know what worked and what didn't work with other library websites to make their website a good one.
* How do you feel about the project so far? Hopes, fears, concerns? Thoughts on how things might proceed?
    * I don't really know about "feeling" about the project. Maybe a little bit unsure about how the catalogue will be made/what plugin we'll use. I don't know much about databases, but I think that if they want the site to show whether a book is checked out or not, they have to somehow update the catalogue when they check books out. But it's also not clear how they keep track of who has what books. Although if we're only doing the catalogue for archives, we don't have to worry about this.