## 2/05/18 Vanessa's Reflection
* What tasks did your team set out to complete this past sprint? What did you actually complete? If they are not the same, what are the sources of this discrepancy?
    * Our main priorities were making a backbone WordPress site to experiment with as we did research and researching library websites/catalog plugins. I'd say that we accomplished most of our original goals. 
* What tasks will your team complete this coming spring? How did you decide on these priorities?
    * We decided to focus more on survey questions and assessment templates for library websites as well as documentation for using WordPress and the plugin we decided to use (Memphis Documents Library). The survey questions and assessment were done because our community partner specifically requested them, and it's good to start documentation early.
* How accurate were your estimates of the community partner's priorities, based on your initial meeting and then the subsequent email followups?
    * We didn't know too much about their priorities. For example, they asked us to create surveys to ask people about library websites, but we weren't sure whether they had a way to distribute them or who we would distribute them to. So we did not do much in regards to the survey the first sprint. 
*  Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?
    * I don't really know what to say about this. I don't really have hopes and fears. I kind of just put down thoughts to consider in my last reflection. I guess they didn't change except we chose a plugin so that's covered.