**Reflect on the agile/scrum process. What are it's started goals? Based on your project so far, is that process achieving those goals for your team? Why/Why not?**
        Our agile/scrum process goals were to create deadlines, quantify tasks, and specify tasks in depth. In terms of achieving these goals for our team, we have been executing them very effectively and it has helped us to not research endlessly. This process is helping our team achieve the goals we outlined in our scrum meetings because if we quantify our tasks, such as Read 3 articles, then by reading 3 articles we know that the task is complete. However, our goal for research and creating plugins during this week was not met due to complications between the team and the community partner. 

**Reflect on your communication with your community partner. Do you think you are on the same page? Why/why not?**
        We started off on very different pages due to miscommunication and we had thought that by researching breadth over depth, we would be on the same page. However, after last week, we again discovered that the research purposes and intent were different than what the community partner wanted so we are taking a huge turn and putting together a UX audit instead of just passively researching and compiling a list of common and effective features.
  
**Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?**
        My hopes for this project have definitely dropped because what started off as a coding project (html/wordpress), has turned into a research project and presentation. My fear now is that we won’t end up doing any code at all if our community partner focuses too heavily on the research phase. My other fear is that after we present our UX audit, the community partner will again, not see it as what they had expected from us, resulting in another detour in the team’s project. 
